Minecraft, But Your XP = Your Age... = Bionic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OcX9lA6RwsU

Minecraft but everything I Touch Turns to Void = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3h7dntNoj8

Minecraft but Trees Beat the game for you = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lH0rc5Lj5Y

Minecraft But You Can Trade Your Hearts = Preston
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFuI9LIyvmI

Minecraft but you can craft Infinity Stones = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sen-1C2Ogwk

Minecraft but there are Super Apples = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UweNeALN9Oo

Minecraft but Structures Beat the game for you = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5Kgzjmbwcg

Minecraft, But It's Only 1 Red Button... = Bionic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MgCF3RWiw7o

Minecraft but there's RANDOM diamonds = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5lY636RE1w

Minecraft but there's 1 MILLIONAIRE Block = Preston
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgWqrbpa6hk

Minecraft, But You Can Trade With Any Mob... = Bionic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RA6xZZYsK84

Minecraft, But On Millionaire Difficulty... = Bionic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PoMR0-7Tx-o

Minecraft But There Are McDonalds Hearts = Preston
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_k5Vu6c0gFw

Minecraft but Huggy Wuggy beats the game for me = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RdRhf4xh6Ck

Minecraft but I have One HUGE Heart = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2NagOJ2r6G8

Minecraft, But Your Hearts = Realism... = xNesterio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3A7qVFWaVjc

Minecraft but Everything I Touch Turns to Gold = PrestonPlayz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pZHFtwDIauI

Minecraft, But You Can Go Inside Anything... = Bionic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hHhKSIfqlUQ

Minecraft but you can Evolve the Sun = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NO54bENCmc8

Minecraft but you can Eat Structures = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9G3wItNmpw

Minecraft but you can Eat Biomes = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8JLe4jCnz5k

Minecraft but you can Eat Mobs = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5zv1N78Tyw4

Minecraft but I have Dragon Hearts = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4AAXo7x1-I

Minecraft but Everything I touch turns to Diamond = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpSL0CnptXk

Minecraft but there are Custom Punches = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mf-B2d3CWtk

Minecraft but Everything I touch turns to Bedrock = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6-pVFStIRg

Minecraft but I beat it Backwards = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VISIz_P0oQs

Minecraft but there are Custom Pickaxes = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9pQZh1CxusE

Minecraft, But You Can Craft Creative Mode Items... = Bionic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx8YLoPiPNA

Minecraft, If You Could Combine Every Item... = Bionic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EdoYrJn2lU8

Minecraft, But The World Is Drawn... = Bionic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKSS-XdMweI

Minecraft but you can Combine Any Item = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_uQwIHlqyxo

Minecraft But Anything You Build, You Get...=Bionic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vyNi64Np1Q8

Minecraft But Anything I Google, I Get... = Bionic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFutj67Zbjo

Minecraft, But You Can Shear Anything... = Bionic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=58C9Gn7Ajvo

Minecraft But You Can STEAL Hearts = Preston
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2gitsm-xnVw

Minecraft but there's Superhero Hearts = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrqNEcTnujg

Minecraft But Everything I Touch Turns Scary = Preston
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQttegPgy8g

Minecraft but Everything I Touch Turns to Emerald = Preston
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JqjqTPYCqQY

Minecraft, But Anything You Build Comes to Life... = Bionic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emRa8tJKMvM

Minecraft, But there's Herobrine Hearts... = xNesterio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fCPsjziuRxk

Minecraft, But Your XP = Your Weight... = xNesterio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bsMQRNmvLSI

Minecraft, But You Gain Body Parts... = xNesterio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lRTV0gsP2wM

Minecraft, But Your Hearts = Your Strength.. = xNesterio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BR2U_cD0z3U

Minecraft, But You Can Forge Anything... = Bionic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c87DTQiyo7Q

Minecraft, If You Could Multiply Any Item.. = Graser
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dEvUpHUL1I

Minecraft UHC but you can craft a "Sword Snake".. = xNestorio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ukvbUHXiUo

Minecraft, But Your XP = Your Temperature... = xNestorio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2mGWBB60ukU

Minecraft, But You Spell to Craft... = Bionic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgGXS-WpH9Y

Minecraft but Rainbow Friends Beat the Game for you = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tNaIbwvL1Ko

Minecraft, But You Can Trade with Everything... = Bionic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ru5y5zwPCf4

Minecraft but you can craft a "Bow Bow Bow Snake".. = xNestorio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9kzBhk6hhg

Minecraft, But Your XP = Your Year... = xNestorio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0DcOtKw4oNY

Minecraft, But You Are Infected... = Bionic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z-9cDZPBaqY

Minecraft, But You Can Combine Anything... = Bionic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2jtzZok2Qs

Minecraft but Everything I touch turns to Nether = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzIkmPx9NTs

Minecraft, But You Turn Into a Zombie... = xNestorio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9K6xkDjpqVE

Minecraft but Alphabet Lore beats the game for you = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RB3-QRLPceA

Minecraft But Any Item You Wish For, You Get... = Bionic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6qYgdgaIm9E

Minecraft, But You Can Crush Anything... = Bionic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KyCvYTuofYw

Minecraft, But Mobs Are Immortal... = Bionic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i0oNTvRwBqg

Minecraft, But Your XP = Your Power... = xNestorio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=koRiJbR2GBY

Minecraft but I have 1 BILLION Diamonds = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1vt1rzrafY

Minecraft but I'm a Mob Doctor = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-X1Zlid59U

Minecraft but the SUN Gives OP ITEMS = Socksfor1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I7VFcEsiisU

Minecraft But Your Skin = Your Powers... = Bionic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TXX9Mzn3fOU

Minecraft but there is Super TNT = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jlqj2QWPDRs

Minecraft But Anything Mobs Imagine, You Get... = Bionic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OX1vO4lIIws

Minecraft but I can Buy Realism = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NJcWShIX2uc

Minecraft, But Anything You Craft Works... = Bionic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yl3Hn0SrJvI

Minecraft, But You Can Evolve Anything... = Bionic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zQ901yRY2Eg

Minecraft But Anything You Imagine, You Get... = Bionic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVY7fF6n5uM

Minecraft but I have 1,000,000 Emeralds = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBxlWpJvwR4

Minecraft but I Survive 1,000,000 Deaths = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtHR0vvo5Qw

Minecraft, But I Can Hire SCARY Myths = Eystreem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9adQliR_ac

Minecraft, But 1 + 1 = Anything... = Bionic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_cz5XOi4OfA

Minecraft but I can Buy Armor = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=raMfkBlvfFs

Minecraft but every Block is a Beacon = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=61rCyeFxtxo

Minecraft but I Lose Hearts = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b7GptqzVb44

Minecraft but I have 1,000,000 Super Hearts = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jp-DZVz_570

Minecraft but Mobs are Millionaires = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efdONmzz4s4

Minecraft but thereâ€™s Only One Giant Block = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CiFZ37o13DQ

Minecraft, But My Hearts = World Size... = Bionic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tHImxKExYDk

Minecraft but I Survive 1,000,000 Days = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KmW3PHQO6rA

Minecraft but I Survive 1 BILLION Deaths = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uiaga37zyx0

Minecraft but I Deal 1,000,000 Damage = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrWxPl2HAfw

Minecraft but I Travel 1,000,000 Blocks = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_wi-DTkXN4

Minecraft but I Block 1 BILLION Damage = Craftee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jUzErc0chZs